README.md, before:

DBus Wayfire plugin

Authors: Damian Ivanov

Contributors: https://github.com/damianatorrpm/wayfire-plugin_dbus_interface/graphs/contributors

### Installation
Standard:
meson build && ninja -C build && meson install -C build

### Coding style
* uncrustify.ini in the repo
* follow the style used
* using 'auto' is strongly discouraged

### wf-prop
 * wf-prop l / wf-prop list for a detailed list of all taskmanger relevant (toplevel) windows.
 * wf-prop + click on a window to query details about that window

### other examples

* To continuously monitor for signals 
>gdbus monitor --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor"

* To query taskamanager relevant windows
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.query_view_vector_taskman_ids 

* To fullscreen a window (query the id you want from the properties)
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.fullscreen_view $id 1

* To restore previous state from fullscreen
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.fullscreen_view $id 0

Commit message:

Expand installation instructions
Based on IRC conversation: 
```
<soreau> solarkraft: well there was a change to dbus and I think it needs gdbus loaded too?
<soreau> hang on
<soreau> you need latest w-p-e with https://github.com/WayfireWM/wayfire-plugins-extra/blob/master/src/glib-main-loop.cpp loaded
<soreau> glib-main-loop
<soreau> then run `wayfire -d` and make sure it shows that the plugins were loaded successfully
<soreau> then you should have a binary, `wf-prop`, you can run to click on a window and get its info
<soreau> tux_: is it correct, latest dbus_interface plugin requires "glib-main-loop" to be loaded?
```
(...)
```
<tux_> soreaau: yes correct it need glib-main-loop
```

And my own experience getting it to run.

README.md, after:

DBus Wayfire plugin

Authors: Damian Ivanov

Contributors: https://github.com/damianatorrpm/wayfire-plugin_dbus_interface/graphs/contributors

### Installation
- Install (wayfire-plugins-extra)[https://github.com/WayfireWM/wayfire-plugins-extra]
- Build & install the plugin and wf-prop: `meson build && ninja -C build && sudo meson install -C build`
- Enable `glib-main-loop` and `dbus_interface` in your wayfire.ini

If one of the plugins isn't loaded (check wayfire's debug output), make sure the plugin was installed to the correct path.

### Coding style
* uncrustify.ini in the repo
* follow the style used
* using 'auto' is strongly discouraged

### wf-prop
 * wf-prop l / wf-prop list for a detailed list of all taskmanger relevant (toplevel) windows.
 * wf-prop + click on a window to query details about that window

### other examples

* To continuously monitor for signals 
>gdbus monitor --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor"

* To query taskamanager relevant windows
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.query_view_vector_taskman_ids 

* To fullscreen a window (query the id you want from the properties)
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.fullscreen_view $id 1

* To restore previous state from fullscreen
>gdbus call --session --dest org.wayland.compositor --object-path /org/wayland/compositor --method org.wayland.compositor.fullscreen_view $id 0
